1. write a program to display Hello World message in console window.

2. Write a program to perform arithmetic and bitwise operations in a single source program without object creation.

3. Write a program to perform arithmetic and bitwise operations by creating individual methods and classes than create an object to execute the individual methods of each operation.

4. Write a java program to display the employee details using Scanner class.

5. Write a Java program that prints all real solutions to the quadratic equation ax2+bx+c = 0.
    Read in a, b, c and use the quadratic formula. If the discriminate b^2-4ac is negative,
    display a message stating that there are no real solutions?

6. The Fibonacci sequence is defined by the following rule. 
    The first 2 values in the sequence are 1, 1. 
    Every subsequent value is the sum of the 2 values preceding it. 
    Write a Java program that uses both recursive and non- recursive functions to print the nth value of the Fibonacci sequence?

7. Write a Java program that prompts the user for an integer and then prints out all the prime numbers up to that Integer?

8. Write a Java program to multiply two given matrices?

9. Write a Java program for sorting a given list of names in ascending order?

10. Write a java program for Method overloading and Constructor overloading

11. Write a java program to represent Abstract class with example.

12. Write a program to implement multiple Inheritances.

13. write program to demonstrate method overriding and super keyword.

14. Write a java program to implement Interface using extends keyword.

15. Write a java program to create inner classes.

16. Write a java program to create user defined package.

17. Write a Java program that displays the number of characters, lines and words in a text?

18. Write a Java program that checks whether a given string is a palindrome or not. Ex: MADAM is a palindrome

19. Write a Java program that reads a line of integers and then displays each integer and the sum of all integers. (Use StringTokenizer class)?

20. Write a java program for creating single try block with multiple catch blocks.

21. write a program for multiple try blocks and multiple catch blocks including finally.

22. write a program to create user defined exception.

23. Write a java program for producer and consumer problem using Threads.

24. Write a program to create dynami array using ArrayList class and print the contents od the array object

25. Write a program to impliment add, search and remove operation on ArrayList object.